Now we added funds multiple times in this course already so it's not too new.
How does works in the SS folder all add a funds folder and you can stored them wherever you want attached
you find the two funds we've been using throughout the course.
Open sense bold and regular.
And now we have to load them when the app starts in the app J.S. file there.
You now can import something from Expo and that something is the app loading component and you all need
to import star as fund from Expo dash fund and to make sure that this is available to run npm install
dash dash save Expo dash fund to install this into your project and ensure that you can use it.
Now these are the two things you need to install there with that installed.
We can add a new function here maybe name it fetch far fetched funds.
This is a function which in the end takes no arguments but in there I can now call front load async
and return that because that returns a promise and fetch funds should return a promise and they are
passing a javascript object where remap the funds we want to load and then I'll have open dash sense
which I map to my require import here where I point at the assets folder funds folder and that opens
once regular and all the add open dash sense dash bold here as a key and map that to require slash assets
slash funds slash open sense bold so that both funds are important here.
Now fetch fonts of course needs to be called and that should be called by our app loading component.
Hence we also need to import to use state from react so that we can control whether the data has been
loaded yet or not.
So did in the functional component here we can have our fund loaded state and set fund loaded in initially
with use state that is false.
If that should be true I want to render this output.
Therefore as long as it is false hence the exclamation mark here I want to instead return the app loading
component which prolongs our loading our startup screen and there we need to provide these start async
prop which points at the fetch funds function which is a function which is executed when this component
is first rendered and then on finish which executes a function once does loading is done and in this
function that is to be executed.
I'll set my fund loaded to true so that we no longer render app loading but instead we render this content.
Now our fonts get loaded and now we can use them and I want to use them in two places.
My product item which is the component we render on the products overview there of course we have some
some text we have our title and we have our price here and it's there where on the title I also want
to set a fun family of open dash sans dash bold and on the price.
I also want to set off for the fun family of open dash sans and on the product detail screen it's the
same the price should maybe get a fun family of open dash sans dash bold to have that bold style and
the description will just get the open Sand's full form.
Now that's not all actually in the shop navigator and my main navigator here in the default navigation
options.
I also want to use that font in the header so the header title style here should actually be an object
where I set the fund family to open dash sans dash bold hues to bold open sans font they're and the
header back titles style defines how did back text which we see on ISIS is stalled and that should also
use a fun family of open sense though not the bold version with that if we now safeties and does reloads
we can see our own font is getting used now we also see that here in Iowa as our title is therefore
a cut off that's something we'll have to fix but in general this now looks the way it should look now
let's make sure that title being cutoff is fixed and for Dad and the product item here which is where
we have that title here this title should maybe have a reduced margin vertical of only 2 because I still
like that distance and now the 15 percent of height we give to the title and the price sufficed shared
us and therefore now it is looks the way it should look.
Now we're using the custom font we can go to the details page.
I'd say it's now really time to also make sure that we can add items to the cart and we therefore make
this to cart button work.